0.2
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
lemon lime lime lemon apple
strawberry raspberry pineapple
apple banana orange strawberry
pineapple apple orange raspberry
